Core images for use with Doug Jones's PDP-8 emulator.  When available,
source has also been included.  Core image files begin with the name
of the emulator (pdp8e), followed by a packed core image.  If the
emulator is installed as per the defaults, these core images should be
executable under UNIX (they'll merely pull in the emulator and fire it
up).  If not, you can execute them by typing "pdp8e <f>", assuming
you've installed the PDP-8 emulator as the "pdp8e" command and that
<f> is the name of the core image you want loaded.

Contents:

bin		-- core image, loaded with the high speed reader BIN loader
bin.pal		-- the source used to make this
			starts at 7777, requires a high speed reader

blankRX01.uu	-- a formatted rx01 diskette with no data on it, needed
			because (just like the real thing) the RX01
			emulator can't format disks.  Copy this as needed.

focal		-- core image, loaded with RIM, BIN and 4K stand alone FOCAL.
			starts at 0200, requires a TTY

rim		-- core image, loaded with the high speed reader RIM loader
rim.pal		-- the source used to make this
			starts at 7756, requires a high speed reader

rxboot		-- DEC's rx01 bootstrap code
rxboot.pal	-- the source used to make this
			starts at 0033, requires an RX01.

rxboot1		-- an alternate (shorter) rx01 bootstrap
rxboot1.pal	-- the source used to make this
			starts at 0032, requires an RX01.

RX01 diskette images aren't included in this file, at this time.  As soon
as copyright questions are cleared up, they'll go here.

The PAL code given here was assembled using the PAL compatable cross
assembler written in C available from

	ftp.cs.uiowa.edu:/pub/jones/pdp8/pal.c.Z

This code was loaded into the emulator's memory image by either of two
means:  Either the coremake utility was used to load RIM images, or the
BIN loader was run on the emulated PDP-8 to load BIN images.

The image of FOCAL contained here was loaded from a bytestream image
of the original FOCAL 1969 paper tape in BIN format.

Doug Jones's PDP-8 emulator is available from:

	ftp.cs.uiowa.edu:/pub/jones/pdp8/emulator.shar.Z
